Jonathan Grizou, Iñaki Iturrate, Luis Montesano, Manuel Lopes, Pierre-Yves Oudeyer

Flowers Team, Inria - Ensta ParisTech, France
jonathan.grizou@inria.fr
pierre-yves.oudeyer@inria.fr
manuel.lopes@inria.fr

CNBI, EPFL, Switzerland
inaki.iturrate@epfl.ch

I3A, University of Zaragoza, Spain
montesano@unizar.es


Interactive learning deals with the problem of learning and solving tasks using human instruc- tions. It is common in human-robot interac- tion, tutoring systems, and in human-computer interfaces such as brain-computer ones. In most cases, learning these tasks is possible because the signals are predefined or an ad-hoc calibration procedure allows to map signals to specific meanings. 

We address the problem of simultaneously solving a task under human feedback and learning the associated meanings of the feedback signals. This has important practi- cal application since the user can start controlling a device from scratch, without the need of an expert to define the meaning of signals or carrying out a calibration phase. 

We proposes an algorithm that simultaneously assign meanings to signals while solving a sequential task under the assumption that both, human and machine, share the same a priori on the possible instruction meanings and the possible tasks. Furthermore, we show using synthetic and real EEG data from a brain-computer interface that taking into account the uncertainty of the task and the signal is necessary for the machine to actively plan how to solve the task efficiently.


A “T world” scenario and the interpretation re- sults for different planning strategies. The agent knows it should reach either of the two edges of the T world (marked with the letter G). The arrows represent the optimal policy. For each move the agent receives an unlabeled two dimen- sional teaching signal, corresponding to user’s assessments on the agent’s actions. The teacher’s goal is to have the agent reach G1. As the agent do not have access to this information, it interprets the signal according to each hy- pothesis (G1 and G2). a) shows the interpretation results if the agent only perform right and left actions in the top of the T world, b) shows the interpretation results when the agent only performs up and down actions in the trunk of the T, and c) shows the interpretation results for an agent performing all possible actions. Only the method c) allow to differentiate between hypothesis.